# projectFunder
This project was a part of Database Course that I passed during my Bachelor, where I had to design a web application with the help of Jetty (backend) and HTML (frontend) with the help of FreeMarker Template Engine to generate HTML pages dynamically.
The database management system used in this project was DB2 on a server at University of Duisburg-Essen. It was accessed remotely through the program. For security reasons and privacy issues, username (gruupennummer) and password (passwort) in .properties file have been replaced by asterisks, so that cloned versions from this account will not get connected to the Server at the university.
The Web Application is a Fund Raiser for proposed projects. A user can propose his project and others can choose to contribute to it or any other proposed ones.

This Java-based web application is to realize an online education system, called Online Learner. In this system, a person can offer courses, can take courses as well. In each course, exercises can be defined or defined exercises can be answered. Finally, an answered exercise can be graded. The architecture of the application is based on MVC. It consists of a Domain where classes are defined. These classes are normally representing the tables which are stored in the database. However, there are a few classes as well, which just represent the data which should be shown to the client by the server. In Store, there are Store classes which are responsible for reading from or writing in the database. In Utils, there is DBUtil which is responsible for establishing a connection between the application and the database which exists on a Server at University of Duisburg-Essen in Germany. Each Webpage has one Servlet based on HTTP and one .ftl file. The template engine in this application is Freemarker which is responsible for painting obtained data from the database on a HTML page. The code is run as a Maven code.
